[cat meows]
You know, Charlie, I bet
some people think brushing
their hair is boring.
But I don't. I don't think
anything is boring.
You wanna know why?
Because I use
the old noodle to imagine
boring things are fun.
[meowing]
Like, if I pretend
that my wet hair
is a lion's mane
and I have to tame it.
That's not boring at all.
-See? I wasn't lying.
[roars]
-[squeals]
[meowing]
Sorry, Charlie.
Didn't mean
to scare you.
-It was just pretend.
-[meows]
But this little lion's
gotta brush her chompers.
-[roars]
-[meowing]
[theme music playing]
♪ Tu tu tu du du du du ♪
Ow! Thanks.
Sweet Becky.
Yeah, Freckle.
[all] Little!
Ellen!
Gramsy!
♪ Tu tu tu du du du ♪
[children reading]
[Ellen] That's me.
[Ellen reading]
[doorbell rings]
I wasn't expecting visitors.
-Good afternoon to you too.
-Good afternoon to me three.
Indeed.
I've been enjoying
some much needed alone time.
Oh, I love alone time.
Especially with my friends.
Sorry, Adelaide,
but I gotta run to the dentist.
It's 'tooth hurty', if you know
what I mean. [laughs]
[laughs] Oh, I do.
[crickets chirping]
Anyway, Would you mind watching
Ellen for the afternoon?
I can't say no to that face.
I'd like to, but I can't.
Yes. Good job, face.
However, I have a few
errands to run.
She'll have to come along.
[gasps] Errands!
I love errands.
You may want to bring a book
to entertain yourself.
Errands can be quite boring.
Oh, that's okay, Miss Adelaide.
Nothing's ever boring for me.
I got all the fun
I need up here.
Maybe you could teach
Miss Adelaide some of
our favorite errand games.
No, thank you.
You're welcome.
This is going to be so, so,
so, so, so, so, so, so, so,
so much fun.
Hi, little Ellen.
Good afternoon, Adelaide.
Good morning, Bartolomeu.
Ooh, I see you have
the latest book in the
Fanciful Female series.
I never leave home without
a good book.
Bart, guess what?
-We're running errands today.
-Errands? You love errands.
I know. Me and Gramsy
always play super fun
errand games.
And I get to teach them
to Miss Adelaide.
So, today's gonna be
pretty wonderful.
Let's not get
too excited, Ellen.
We're going to the bank first
and that's serious business.
The bank? That's like
the number one place
to play games.
Me and Gramsy's favorite
is called "Tell us
something silly,"
where you got to tell
the bank teller a silly fact.
Like I could tell her
that I've named all my toes.
-There's Mr. Big Toe and Nuni,
and Agnes and the middle twins.
-Ellen.
Ha! Ellen? Could you imagine
if I named one of
my toes Ellen? Wow.
You're very silly,
Miss Adelaide.
Today's going to be fun.
Foot five.
[clears throat]
When I'm running errands,
there is no toe naming,
no silliness
and absolutely no games.
[gasps] No games?
But, Miss Adelaide,
you have no idea
what you're missing.
-Errand games are the funnest.
-Funnest is not a word.
Use proper English, please.
[sighs]
[bell dinging]
Good luck making this fun,
Little Ellen.
Thanks, Bartalou.
[bell dinging]
Look at the line.
We got lots of time to decide
what silly facts we're going
to tell the teller.
Right, Miss Adelaide?
Ooh, this is silly.
It's impossible for most people
to lick their own elbow. See?
[grunting]
Why would anybody want
to do that?
Easy. You're eating ice cream
on a hot summer day
-and some melts down
to your elbow.
-Touche.
Come on.
How about just tell me
one silly little fun fact.
How's this for a silly little
fun fact?
I do not like playing games
at the bank.
More fact than fun, but okay.
[gasps]
Maybe you just haven't played
the right game.
Let's play Lava Floor.
-Lava what?
-Lava Floor.
All the black tiles are lava.
They're so hot.
You can only step on the
white tiles or your toesies
will melt.
I'll never let you
touch lava, Nuni.
-You either, Agnes.
-Darling, that's linoleum.
[gasps]
Lava Floor?
More like Lava Bore.
How's this for a game?
It's called, "Be quiet
and do nothing."
Um, Miss Adelaide,
I don't mean to be rude,
and I know I should
always try something
before saying I don't like it,
but this game sounds
really boring.
I don't find this
boring at all.
Not even a little bit?
[grunts] Sorry.
[sighs]
So, how was the bank?
Did you tell the teller
something silly?
No. I mostly just had
to be quiet and do nothing.
Ugh, I do not like that game.
-Did you try Lava Floor?
-Yup.
And she just let her
toesies melt?
[chuckles nervously]
Next stop, the dry cleaner.
Good luck making
this errand fun.
Thanks. I know Miss Adelaide
doesn't like playing games
at the bank,
but I bet she'll like
dry cleaner games.
[bell dinging]
Hey Ellen. Better watch out.
That step is lava.
[grunts] Phew.
Hi, Adelaide.
How can I help you?
Hello there. I'm here
for my gala gown.
-[gasps] A gala?
-Yes.
This weekend I will be
attending a very elegant gala
in a big fancy ballroom.
[gasps]
[jazz music playing]
I could teach you some
fun dance moves for the gala.
-Oh, I doubt it...
-Me and Gramsy like to play
a game called mirror moves.
We do a fun dance and
the other person has to do
the exact same thing.
Like a mirror. Try this one.
-Ugh.
-It's called flossing.
I do it every night between
brushing my teeth and flossing,
Well, I can assure you that
none of the esteemed guests
attending this gala
will be doing silly dance moves
like that.
Besides, glamorous gala guests
prefer toothpicks.
Fine.
Then how about this one?
It's called the Fancy Dance.
That's not fancy dancing.
At the gala, we'll be doing
really fancy dancing
like the royal family
in my favorite series
Fanciful Females.
All right, then, how about
you do a dance move
and I'll mirror you?
-Fine.
-[cheers] Yay!
-Are you gonna do a dance move?
-I'm doing it right now.
It's called, "The silent
statue shovel".
Mirror me.
[sighs]
[bell dinging]
Fancy dress? Check.
[scoffs]
So, any luck making the
making the dry cleaner fun?
No, it was as boring
as watching clothes dry.
I really thought Miss Adelaide
would like playing
mirror moves.
Oh, man, I love mirror moves.
One time I played
my bathroom mirror.
It ended in a tie.
Sounds fun. It's just,
I was so excited
for a full day of errand games,
but so far it's just
been boring.
Being bored is the worst.
I never get bored.
I don't understand.
Why doesn't miss Adelaide
want to play any of my games?
Gramsy always does.
Maybe you could make up a game,
especially for Adelaide.
Hey, Miss Adelaide.
What do you like so much
about that book, anyway?
Finally, a conversation
about literature.
Well, Fanciful Females
is a ferociously funny farce,
following the
fruitful friendship
of Francis and Florence
of Finland's first family.
Whoa. Sounds f... Fantastic?
Indeed it is.
I think I get it now.
Reading is Miss Adelaide's way
of making boring things fun.
[bell dinging]
-You got this, Little E.
-Hey, Bart.
Yeah?
Your seat is lava.
Huh? Whoa!
[laughs]
All right,
last errand of the day.
Let's just wait in line quietly
until it's over.
That means
no games, no dancing,
and no funny business.
Yes, Your Majesty.
What did you say?
I figured it out, Your Majesty.
-Figured what out?
-You'll see.
Your Majesty.
Egg'cellent choice.
Are my jokes
too cheesy for you?
[giggles]
[scoffs]
Okay, Ellen. Here goes nothing.
[clears throat] Lady Adelaide.
I donut mean to get
jalapeno this nuts,
but can you, peas,
give me the thyme.
[chuckles nervously]
Lettuce all show
our ap-peach-ciation
for Ellen's un-pear-alleled use
of the English language.
That was soup-er funny.
-Huzzah!
-[laughs]
You 'canned beet' a good
produce pun.
[chuckles]
[gasps] Gramsy!
Thank you, Adelaide.
Oh, I hope today wasn't
too much trouble.
Oh, none at all.
It was kind of, sort of...
Well, maybe...
the teeniest
little bit of fun, actually.
-Hey, Ellie belly. You thinking
what I'm thinking?
-[both] Lava floor.
[laughing]
Thanks, Miss Adelaide.
That wasn't boring at all.
[gasps softly]
[theme music playing]